docs: Revamped `Revenue Analytics` docs (#11328)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/web-analytics/revenue-analytics.mdx

import { ProductScreenshot } from 'components/ProductScreenshot'

> > **Important:** This feature is currently in open beta. To access it, enable the [feature preview](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=feature-previews%3revenue-analytics). Please leave a comment on this page if you have feedback or questions, or leave feedback via the in-app support modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** This feature is currently an opt-in beta. To access it, enable the [feature preview](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=feature-previews%3revenue-analytics). Please leave a comment on this page if you have feedback or questions, or leave feedback via the in-app support modal.
```
